Sara senpai...
I'm so sorry...
I really can't forgive myself.
If you'll just wake up,
I'll do whatever you want.
Fuu has things he wants to tell you too.
So please, just wake up.
Sara senpai...
Senpai, you're awake?
Are you okay?
Who are you?
Wait...
Hi.
We meet again.
Now it's your turn
to pass the message to the next person.
"The Boy Next World My Destiny"
(Episode 8)
Fuu, just stay calm and listen.
The doctor said Sara
might have memory loss.
Is that...
really all it is?
What else could it be?
It's not like he went
back to a parallel world.
Are you feeling any better?
Don't just barge in here.
It's an invasion of privacy.
Why would you say that...
Sara senpai...
Stop calling me that. It's annoying.
What do you mean?
I'm not OK with...
Not OK with... Fuu?
Tears.
I don't like people who cry in front of me.
Crying doesn't solve anything.
Your name is Fuu, right?
If you're going to keep
crying, then get out.
Do you really... not remember anything?
You're so noisy.
I just had a fever and
collapsed. Then I woke up here.
That's it.
Why is he gone?
What is it?
Oh, you're here.
Sara senpai's... mother?
Sara.
You look better than I expected.
Um... Sara senpai...
He was unconscious until this morning.
Come in.
This is your fiancée, Karen Tsuruhisa.
Surely you remember her?
It's been a while, Sara.
Let me out.
I have to find Fuu.
You can't.
The time isn't right yet.
The time?
What the hell does that mean?!
I need to be by Fuu's side.
Don't worry.
Fuu will be fine.
How could you possibly know that?
Who knows?
Stop messing with me.
Just calm down.
This isn't just a dream.
You've already sensed that, haven't you?
Then where exactly are we?
That's a difficult question to answer.
According to the previous Sara,
this is the gap between space and time.
The gap between space and time?
You keep saying
"the previous Sara." What does that mean?
Exactly what it sounds like.
The Sara who was here before you.
There was one before him, too.
No one knows why we end up here.
The only thing for certain is
that every previous Sara led us to Fuu.
You've seen it, haven't you?
My world, and my Fuu.
Freshman calling senior.
If you hear me, give me a sign.
If you want this back,
you have to guess who I am first.
That day, in my world,
I answered that kid.
The reason I answered
was because of a dream
I had the night before.
A very long dream.
In that dream, we didn't
meet until ten years later.
That was also shown to
me by the previous Sara.
Do you want to see?
Wait.
Good morning.
- Morning.
Excuse me.
Who gave you permission to enter?
Huh?
What's your name?
I'll have HR issue you a warning letter.
I just wanted to give you the proposal...
Then you should have
filtered the information first.
Think about what kind of language
is appropriate when speaking to me.
Every one of us has
a different personality.
But we all have one thing
in common: we met Fuu.
And it changed our destiny.
Um... I'm from the planning department...
Could you please take a look at this?
The Sara in this world
was very cold to Fuu.
Until that very moment.
Treating your subordinates like pawns...!
Sara!
Look at me, Sara!
Sara, stay with me!
Look at me.
He said he saw it the
moment he was stabbed.
Sara!
Another world.
And then, the end of the world.
The previous Sara showed it to me.
So this time...
it's my turn to show you.
And then you'll show the next Sara.
I'm going...
to find Fuu.
It's still too early.
When can I finally leave?
Don't be in such a rush.
You have to wait until the other Sara
returns to his original world.
Just like when you first entered my body.
Good work today.
I knew it... something still feels wrong.
It's not just his memory.
He's like a completely different person.
The way he acts with his mother
and his fiancée is so casual.
What should I do?
Should I tell him we're dating?
But he's not the Sara senpai I know.
I should have just been honest with him.
It's my fault for being
stubborn and pushing him away.
Sara senpai...
Fuu...
Hey, Sara, have you lost your mind?
I'm perfectly fine.
Like hell you are.
What did I even do?
I'm talking about your fiancée.
Are you really going to let
that devil control your life?
She's not controlling me.
This was already decided a long time ago.
You've got to be kidding me.
So what?
Did you really tell Fuu
he's not your boyfriend?
Fuu...?
Your own boyfriend!
You were so obsessed
with him, always by his side.
Everyone knew, except maybe you.
That's why that devil rushed to call
your fiancée back from abroad, isn't it?
Karen was by my side long before you were.
It was an arranged marriage
from birth. You know that.
Of course I know.
She's always been incredibly possessive.
Just like a certain someone.
But you said you were going to fight it.
Man, we actually believed in you.
What about Fuu's feelings?
I don't know anyone named Fuu.
He's a complete stranger to me.
I can't even talk to you.
Forget it.
Sara.
You really need to
re-evaluate your choice in friends.
What are you doing eavesdropping?
I'm your fiancée.
It's only natural for me to visit you.
Is that so?
Well, you're an eyesore. You can leave now.
If you keep being this rude,
I'll have to tell your mother.
Go ahead and tattle all you want.
While you're at it, tell her this:
Thanks for giving me
such an annoying fiancée.
Honestly, Sara...
Why did you have to break
down at a time like this?
Ah...
You...
It's my friend's fault.
How is Fuu doing?
Oh...
Well...
He's pretty devastated.
I bet...
My friend really messed up.
But please don't misunderstand Sara...
Is there more to the story?
Since it's a brain issue,
we have to leave it to the doctors.
Luckily, he has a very capable specialist.
Thank you.
Why are you thanking me?
Because you're on Fuu's side.
Ah...
Taiga... about that kiss...
Just forget it.
Calm down... don't let it get to you.
Deep breaths.
Senpai...?
Well... I'll be going then.
Ugh, damn it.
Why is my heart racing like this?
Sara senpai...
You've got some nerve
walking around like that.
I'm just walking.
Is there a problem?
How shameless.
I heard from Sara's mother.
She said you've been trying to seduce him.
I don't know what you're planning,
but Sara likes women.
He'd never be interested
in you in a million years.
Then...
what about you?
What did you say?
Are you saying the only reason
he chose you is because you're a woman?
I...
I've been special to Sara
since before we were born.
If you look down on me so much,
then why did you come looking for me?
I came to make sure
you know exactly who his fiancée is.
His future wife.
The woman chosen by the Kogami family.
He belongs to me.
A commoner like you should stay away.
Did he turn you down or something?
What?
Because the current Sara
senpai is pretty cold, isn't he?
If he'd shown you even a shred of kindness,
you wouldn't have come looking for me.
You need to be taught a lesson.
You're an eyesore no matter where you are.
I guess that's a talent in itself.
Now disappear.
You'll regret this.
Sara senpai.
Thank you.
But shouldn't you be
resting in the hospital?
That place...
I couldn't stay there forever,
so I just bailed.
The doctor looked like he
couldn't wait to get rid of me.
It just put me in a worse mood.
So you're... Fuu?
Yes.
I'm Fuu Yotsuba.
I'm Sara Kogami.
I know.
Everyone says you're my boyfriend.
But I don't remember.
I remember my family and friends.
I even remember stock market fluctuations.
But you...
I have no memory of you
or anyone related to you.
I'm sorry.
It's okay. I understand.
How... did we meet?
I was your junior in high school.
Now I'm a sophomore in
the Education Department.
Our cafeteria food is actually really good.
Especially the ramen,
udon, and ginger pork.
And also...
That legendary, super-rare
special curry bread.
And... oh.
You remember everything except me, right?
Yeah.
But that's the first I've heard
about any special curry bread.
It's my favorite thing to eat.
I see.
What else have I forgotten?
Parallel worlds.
Sara senpai,
do you believe in parallel worlds?
That's ridiculous.
Then there's no point.
It's over.
This Sara senpai is different from him.
Please, just leave me alone.
Sara senpai.
I miss you so much.
If only I could turn back time...
Because I love you.
Please come back...
I don't want to lose you, Sara senpai.
I haven't even done anything for you...
I don't need anything.
Just let me be by your side.
Sara senpai.
I was worried because you
haven't left the house in days.
No, I don't come here
every day, it's just...
Taiga senpai asked
me to deliver this to you.
I'm sorry, I know you don't
even recognize me anymore.
I'll be going now.